Improve Frame Filtering UX (#352)
seek-oss/playroom: .changeset/itchy-bugs-brush.md

---
'playroom': minor
---

Improve frame filtering UX.

- Allow users to select all checkboxes in a frame filter section, rather than automatically unselecting all checkboxes when all are selected.

> - Rename the "Show all" button to "Clear" to better reflect the filtering pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rename the "Show all" button to "Clear" to reinforce the filtering pattern.
```
